.TH QHW_ADM_CONTEXT 3 "2026-07-05" "qhw-admission" "qhw-admission manual"
.SH NAME
qhw_adm_create, qhw_adm_destroy, qhw_adm_last_error,
qhw_adm_get_threading, qhw_adm_load_config,
qhw_adm_load_config_string \- manage admission contexts
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <qhw_admission/qhw_admission.h>

qhw_adm_rc_t qhw_adm_create(
	const qhw_adm_attr_t *attr,
	qhw_adm_t **out_ctx);

void qhw_adm_destroy(qhw_adm_t *ctx);

const char *qhw_adm_last_error(const qhw_adm_t *ctx);

qhw_adm_rc_t qhw_adm_get_threading(
	qhw_adm_t *ctx,
	qhw_adm_threading_t *out_threading);

qhw_adm_rc_t qhw_adm_load_config(
	qhw_adm_t *ctx,
	const char *path,
	uint64_t flags);

qhw_adm_rc_t qhw_adm_load_config_string(
	qhw_adm_t *ctx,
	const char *yaml_text,
	size_t yaml_len,
	uint64_t flags);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR qhw_adm_create ()
creates an admission context. The context owns registered devices, policies,
estimators, reservations, capacity accounting, diagnostics, and output views.
.PP
.I attr
may be NULL. A null attribute selects
.B QHW_ADM_THREAD_USER.
.PP
.BR qhw_adm_destroy ()
releases all context-owned state. Passing NULL is allowed.
.PP
.BR qhw_adm_last_error ()
returns the current diagnostic string. The returned pointer is owned by the
context.
.PP
.BR qhw_adm_get_threading ()
returns the context threading mode.
.PP
.BR qhw_adm_load_config ()
and
.BR qhw_adm_load_config_string ()
load YAML configuration. The flags argument must select either
.B QHW_ADM_CONFIG_MERGE
or
.B QHW_ADM_CONFIG_REPLACE.
.SH RETURN VALUES
Context functions return
.B QHW_ADM_OK
on success. Common failures include
.B QHW_ADM_ERR_INVAL,
.B QHW_ADM_ERR_NOMEM,
.B QHW_ADM_ERR_STATE,
and
.B QHW_ADM_ERR_NOT_FOUND.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR qhw_admission (3),
.BR qhw_adm_device (3),
.BR qhw_adm_policy (3)
