.TH QHW_ADM_TYPES 3 "2026-07-05" "qhw-admission" "qhw-admission manual"
.SH NAME
qhw_adm_types \- public qhw-admission data structures and constants
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <qhw_admission/qhw_admission_types.h>
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
The public ABI uses value structures for inputs and caller-allocated output
snapshots. Long-lived objects use opaque handles.
.SH IMPORTANT TYPES
.TP
.B qhw_adm_attr_t
Context creation attributes.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_kv_t
Typed key-value metadata and option entry.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_baseline_t
Baseline circuit shape used as the accounting unit.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_device_profile_t
Managed device profile, including timing fields and capacity configuration.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_qtask_class_t
Resource-estimation shape for one repeated qtask class.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_request_t
Job-level admission request.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_estimate_t
Estimator output with timing, baseline units, and confidence.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_decision_t
Structured accepted, delayed, or rejected decision.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_reservation_t
Published reservation state and accounting counters.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_usage_t
Estimated or returned qtask usage event.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_usage_state_t
Reservation usage snapshot.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_compliance_t
Compliance and policy-action snapshot.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_actual_usage_t
Measured timing record used for feedback.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_policy_desc_t
Policy plugin descriptor.
.TP
.B qhw_adm_estimator_desc_t
Estimator plugin descriptor.
.SH STRUCTURE SIZE
Set each structure's
.I struct_size
field before passing it to the API. The implementation uses this value for ABI
guarding.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR qhw_admission (3)
