.TH QHW_ADMISSION 3 "2026-07-05" "qhw-admission" "qhw-admission manual"
.SH NAME
qhw_admission \- admission-control library for managed quantum resources
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <qhw_admission/qhw_admission.h>
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B qhw-admission
evaluates job-level requests for managed quantum devices. A caller creates an
admission context, registers one or more device profiles, selects an estimator
and admission policy for each device, and evaluates or reserves capacity.
.PP
Accepted reservations form a bounded usage envelope. A controller can authorize
qtask usage, consume estimated usage before device submission, return unused
usage, and record measured usage after completion.
.PP
The standard policies are:
.TP
.B unlimited
Accepts internally valid requests when the device is available.
.TP
.B credit
Reserves finite baseline units.
.TP
.B rate
Reserves finite throughput slices over an accounting window.
.SH BASIC FLOW
.nf
qhw_adm_create(NULL, &ctx);
qhw_adm_register_device(ctx, &profile);
qhw_adm_add_policy_path(ctx, "build/policies");
qhw_adm_set_policy(ctx, profile.device_id, "credit", NULL, 0);
qhw_adm_reserve(ctx, &request, &decision);
qhw_adm_consume(ctx, decision.reservation_id, &usage, &decision);
qhw_adm_record_actual(ctx, decision.reservation_id, &actual);
qhw_adm_release(ctx, decision.reservation_id, QHW_ADM_REASON_NONE);
qhw_adm_destroy(ctx);
.fi
.SH THREADING
Contexts are created in either
.B QHW_ADM_THREAD_USER
or
.B QHW_ADM_THREAD_SAFE
mode. User-threaded mode expects the caller to serialize access. Thread-safe
mode protects context-owned state.
.SH RETURN VALUES
Most functions return
.B qhw_adm_rc_t.
Successful calls return
.B QHW_ADM_OK.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR qhw_adm_context (3),
.BR qhw_adm_device (3),
.BR qhw_adm_policy (3),
.BR qhw_adm_reservation (3),
.BR qhw_adm_usage (3),
.BR qhw_adm_types (3)
